Bacon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bacon. What are you eating.
Jay: No, I'm
Jay: Rolling cigarettes.
Jay: Can't get I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't give you a big applause on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about what happened. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Able to work, put some hours in like, are you able to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. OK. So the dynamics with mom shifted. Again, we're okay. You can work, everything's all right for
Jay: Well, I mean, I don't think it ever changed. I mean, I still feel the same way, but I'm not gonna not help her, you know, to me, I gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wanted to know if
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the last time we left it was like, Fine, you know. You don't need me then.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't appreciate my work. So I didn't know if it's one back and you are going into work because I think you're benefiting from the income to and because I don't want, right, because then I lost you lost john here with the phone. I'm like, wait a minute, wait, he's gotta have that phone.
Jay: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So how
Gwenevere Abriel: How is stability house financial stability for you phone food, shelter, just the basics. How you doing on stability.
Jay: And I got the basics. I've been staying with my girlfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you lost your phone for a minute. So how'd that happen. You're so stable.
Jay: Well, because see, it's on a payment plan with my mom.
Jay: She had forgot to pay it, I guess. I don't know.
Jay: I didn't know when it was doing. They shut it off at the end of the month. I figured it would have been that because I was getting alerts on my phone, but I didn't think that it would shut off like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you gotta pay attention to the alerts.
Jay: Well, yeah, and I need to get a debit card. Yeah.
Jay: Because everything's closed so I couldn't make a cash payment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just in case.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see how it would feel for you to just, just turn your attention to just this part what you and I are doing. Can we do that together.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay if after you and I talked
Jay: And we'll find a better see
Gwenevere Abriel: coco, coco
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know if it's handy. Go for it. If not, we'll live
Jay: Yeah, bring it
Gwenevere Abriel: Right I something I've been wanting to do here. I go over, down, down to
The time PM.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's do this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Me see if the timings right because you're, are you in a like
Gwenevere Abriel: Not really angry. Not really much you're just kind of like you kind of like chill like even keeled right now.
Jay: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just might be good timing.
Jay: On the fire. I don't know if you can see my black eye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well yeah, I was looking at it and I'm and and so that that. How did that come about.
Jay: Oh my girlfriend ex boyfriend ran up on me and also
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess he wants her back.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, it's the end of my day. I start getting really sarcastic so
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, is that worth kind of getting into talking a little bit about how, like is there a part that you played in provoking it or you just kind of like you just got sucker punch. SHE WAS STANDING THERE and you DIDN'T provoke it and you have nothing to do with it.
Jay: Yeah, I didn't, I didn't expect it. Okay.
And girlfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: You aware that she said, ah, Jay, does this for me. You didn't do this for me, like what she provoking it
Jay: No, no, we have both just got out in. It was crazy, because I just seen him jump out of the backseat of another vehicle like parking spaces down
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Jay: And then he came and got close to me and the funny part is is swing at me and Mr pick them up and slammed him on the ground, but I trip. Whenever I was getting up over the step.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but she helped me out.
Jay: Why does it happen so much violence. I mean, dang. Let it go like
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the deal between those two.
Jay: I didn't even throw a punch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would he be so violent
Jay: So people are
Gwenevere Abriel: Also some nobody jumped me like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got plenty of axes. They don't do that.
Jay: Why would you want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know. That's a lot of violence. Yeah, but it's normal for you.
Jay: Crazy, huh, uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not okay. I don't want my client getting hit
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's so I tempted to start talking about about that relationship. But I'm going to just do the pin that for a minute pen.
Gwenevere Abriel: This other idea. I will just kind of, hmm, keep an eye on that back burner.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to develop an anchor room with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is member of the metaphor stuff. This one's really this is a long one. This one could take days. That's how big this one is you just that was for kittens. The distancing metaphor was figure nurturing fair
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby school stuff, this one, this one could take days. Okay, but you've got it. You've got that creative side and there's there's just enough curiosity about this. I think that it will be just fine. I'm exaggerating. We could be done today.
Gwenevere Abriel: It all depends on you. In other words, I just like to say up front. There's no wrong way for you to do it no possible way that you could do. You can get up and walk off the screen. I mean, that would get in the way of us accomplishing this task from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like I think what's important is that you be conscious of
Gwenevere Abriel: The. You don't need to censor that you can rely on that, my next question. My next question. My next question will guide the next step. All you have to do is pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: To what spontaneously comes up for you. It can be physical could be physical, ooh out oh my shoulder hurts out that might come up or foot. I feel nauseous or
Gwenevere Abriel: I crying. I feel sad and so we'll say it because I can't read your mind. So I'm going to need you to tell me, and I don't get to see much of my clients bodies through this Telehealth business. So you're going to have to tell me what's up with your feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: If the reddit tech tech happened down there. I will know you have to tell me, are you pop up all your hand might start, start moving and I won't see it. Let's say I like that. I can see a little bit. I can see a little bit of your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's more than I usually get from most of my glands.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my point is to say when I say this question, J. What's coming up for you. What are you noticing. I mean, the whole Mandela, all of you emotion thought belief physical feeling I'm interested in all of it. Okay, there's no wrong way to answer me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Except if it well well
Gwenevere Abriel: Even not saying could be useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it would be more like when like fibbing would be a problem like that might get in the way of you being having this be a productive experience. Like, if you'll be asked me because you thought maybe maybe this lady wants to hear this. Yeah, you're going to be wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll be wrong, because I just want whatever just came up. That's the one I want that will help me do my detective work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: All you gotta do is be true to you, you just tell me what's happening now and then just rely on my next question.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a couple more more things about the second anchor room. It's not so there's going to be three times that I asked you to dip into memory. The rest of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not saying, Hey, Jay force this technique into a memory. Yeah, well. The room was red, it's got to be ready because that's what it was when I was 10
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, that's not what we're up to. I'm not trying to pull a memory out and jam it into this room. I'm not, you may end up doing that on your own, but that's your business. This I mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I will ask you three times will be three questions that I will ask that you dip into memory and I'ma tell you what they are. I won't tell you the last one that when I'm going to keep it interesting, but I'll tell you two of them. One of them is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: How old are you,
Gwenevere Abriel: Another one's going to be off of. Is there a nickname.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the third one. I'll wait until we're kind of in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that will be going back in time. The rest of them are just going to be you doing your thing. Okay, just letting my next question guide the next piece of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's I've watched you before you haven't been lost in any of my questions you track everything right along just fine, so I'm not worried about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want you to feel safe and good and if it does feel distressing. You can walk off the screen, obviously.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can use those protective figures nurturing figures, kind of get grounded in that we can use the breath work. We can use a distancing metaphor, watching the cruise ship kind of sail away with whatever's coming on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me tell you what the purpose of it is the anchor room or a resource room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your safe space.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will have everything that you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if we're joking around. We might say my happy place right might make a joke and do it like that. But ultimately, that's what it is. It's going to be imagery, where all of your needs are met in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I wanted to let you know ahead of time. We're not heading towards something unpleasant. We're heading towards something that should bring a good positive feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's start. Let's start with where you're at now. So Jay. When you think about something that you've tried to solve.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've tried it your way. You've maybe you've tried psychology you've tried it through talking it through, or maybe through drugs and alcohol or maybe you've tried to change something about a behavior and belief about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Simply put, where do you still feel kind of stuck.
Jay: Oh, I feel stuck in my relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about them. What about them.
Jay: What about relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What is stuck in the relationship. So let's get specific because I don't know. I don't know how to open a door for her. Now that I'm stuck in relationships. What do you mean
Jay: I just mean like like
Jay: We don't communicate. So I feel like
Jay: It's
Jay: pointless if you're not going to communicate with somebody. It's pointless to even be in a relationship because you don't know what the other person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you got a good one. Jay, that's a really good one. So take that and let's see if we can kind of way. So would you say
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're feeling blocked around. Is it something you're doing something you don't understand about someone is you. Is it, you know, communications important and necessary but don't know how to do it, like, where are you stuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can
Jay: I communicate my feelings just fine. Okay. She doesn't like to tell me shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So now let's go to you, there's still something you're doing because she ain't here. I can talk to you, couples therapy that's a whole different kinds of day, but you're here, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can say I when I
Gwenevere Abriel: I see her. I'm wanting her to talk to me. Where are you struggling in the presence of someone not communicating what is it like for you. You want them to talk and communicate
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not doing it. What is that like for you.
Jay: It's like torture. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is where we go memory for just second just all remember I said, there'll be aged, they'll be nickname, and then they'll be this other one. We're just going to go super quick ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that torture, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: knowing what's needed can't get them to do it. How old is that once the earliest age kind of regressing back and saying, I know what's needed and they're not giving it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is torture walk it back 20 was it there at 19 this awareness of what you need and not able to get it and the torturous feeling that it brings was it there at 18 walk it back.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: 17 1615 go all the way back as far as you can earliest memory of that experience of torture. How old is it
Jay: A little probably 1213 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And did 1213 year old have a nickname the science, J.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do we call 13 year old. Jay, do I just call him younger, younger. Jay, are you
Jay: Little Jay
Jay: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do it. I can't. I just can't. I can't make me do it on a fair make me say
Gwenevere Abriel: Save younger, Jake. So you can't make me say little Jay
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a substance use treatment therapist here. I can't be doing that. Alright so so younger will see younger, Jay. All right, so we're having some fun with this. We have an age, we have a nickname. And so that will be able to distinguish younger, Jay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Vs Jay says you right now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go, ready for some imagination fantasy stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: True. Okay, so I want you to picture the home that you're living in now, whether it's I can't tell if you're kind of staying over in a trailer for a bit. Or if you're in the staying in this home here either one, whichever one feels more like what you're calling home right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture it
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to picture adding a room to it and it gets attached somewhere. Give your imagination a chance to come up with. How big is it what do you notice about the room straight away.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you do come up with anything like where it might be attached to your home now.
Jay: On the backside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: This you're in it or looking at it from your place.
Jay: A computer being like a game.
Jay: pool table air hockey.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hockey and now that those items are there. Are you in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo, nice. Okay, so let's take a look around. We can see that clearly it's a game room and tell me about the color of the walls. What do you see
Jay: The walls are a smoke green
Gwenevere Abriel: Hat.
Jay: There's a nice, wet bar.
Jay: Big old 96 inch plasma screen TV.
Jay: Two.
Gwenevere Abriel: X Box. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I actually got
Jay: Huh.
Jay: Got below sectional
Gwenevere Abriel: What color is it
Jay: Small grace and colors wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: That wasn't made up.
Jay: carpets going to be
Jay: White carpet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay carpets white, you know, with your carpets white
Jay: Let's go, let's go. BS.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a beige.
I changed it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Snow cross section of what's that sexual made up.
Jay: Hello coaches from need later. Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, maybe we
Jay: Don't know we might
Jay: Likely other
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So, for sure. It's not leather. Definitely not bother. So we'll find out later. Okay. Alright, so we've got, um, what, what, where's the light coming in. If there is any, like, what's the light source in there.
Jay: Um, I got in all four corners. I got a light that's shining towards the center of the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there any Windows
Jay: Yeah, there's there'll be two windows on the east side know
Jay: We'll put it on the west side okay look on the website.
Jay: Sunset yeah okay
Gwenevere Abriel: West Side. All right. Tell me other blinds or curtains. What do you notice about those windows what what pops in your mind as you think about those Westside windows.
Jay: Blinds in Asia. Oh.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is the window or they open are they closed.
The coolest okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the walls. I know there's smoke gray.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there anything on them anything on the world.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, is that okay but there's nothing on the wall.
Jay: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look around and
Gwenevere Abriel: See if anything else shows up anything else that's in there.
Jay: No, my TV my expert that everything I need.
Jay: I need good a nice we explore the ball.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's by the bargain.
Free
Gwenevere Abriel: We didn't have the fridge before. Now we got a fridge, fridge by the bar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's pay attention now to we were using our eyes to be in this space noticing what you are seeing for a moment. I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you are in that room.
Jay: You're on the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sitting on the couch. Okay. So let's imagine, and I would invite you to even get more into this imaginary sensory awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can close your eyes. Maybe you can turn even more into it. Just imagine how you're sitting on the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your arms. Here are the spread out feet kicked up like how are you positioned on that couch.
Jay: Just kicking back. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just imagine those hands, maybe are touching the couch. Can you picture that sure and is, is there a sense of temperature change as soon as those hands touch the couch. Is it warm or cooler. Can you picture anything there.
Jay: Yeah, I guess it's cooler.
Gwenevere Abriel: The couches cooler. Yeah, okay. Feels cooler.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you if you move your hand just even a little bit on that couch. What do you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: It's goofy. Right. I know, I know. Okay, so nothing comes up without a little giggle. So you don't notice anything
Gwenevere Abriel: What about how does it feel on your back on your seat bones on your legs. How do you describe that couch.
Jay: I don't know how to begin describing it coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about me.
Jay: feels like you're sitting on a couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how much is a really uncomfortable and they're too firm. It's not just right.
Jay: If this is all imaginary then I'm assuming. Everything's right
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, some people
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Couch does this know so
Gwenevere Abriel: So those are my words.
Jay: It's comfortable. There we go.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let's turn our attention to your feet.
Are they touching the carpet. Can you kind of get a sense of how that carpet feels on the feet.
Jay: I'm in my shoes. Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now turn your attention to the temperature of the room. Let that skin make contact with the air in there, you're kind of chillin kicking back on the couch. Your feet are in the shoes. What's the temperature in there.
Jay: 69 degrees. Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 69. Exactly. And then, OK, now let's turn awareness to
Gwenevere Abriel: What you hear
Gwenevere Abriel: In that space. What do you hear
Jay: Rap music rap.
Jay: Is it loud, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are the speakers. I'm heard about speakers.
Jay: TV.
Jay: Fine. It's good. I gotta surround sound.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, Dave. That's it.
Jay: Wasn't a family, not have a bunch of guns in their two
Gwenevere Abriel: Guns. OK, so maybe we got but you want to put some guns in there, where would they be
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe it's up to you.
Jay: Have floor safe right behind the bar.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So far, and what guns are in there.
Jay: Got a 12 gauge pump.
Jay: Got a 357 mag snub nose. I got 357 mag
Jay: Will say Smith and Wesson.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I probably mess up on something in there because I think well, so I've got
Gwenevere Abriel: A floor safe behind the bar 12 gauge i i know i don't have all the descriptions here. But then I have a 357 mag snub nose comma 357 but I didn't know what to do with that one. Smith and Wesson. So what do I do. It's just a 357 or take it out or add another descriptor to that.
Jay: Well, you could just leave it like that, fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, any other anything else in that safe.
Jay: Yeah. HD for detail.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I use the wrong word. I put antsy. I don't think it's fancy. What is that word.
Jay: Anti
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's that something something 40 Cal. What's the word before 40
Jay: OH x 30 x and
Gwenevere Abriel: X, like a savior x ray and D like David
Gwenevere Abriel: X.
Gwenevere Abriel: A 40 Cal. Okay, I got you.
Jay: Oh, we'll go Glock nine millimeter
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm ready.
Jay: Let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is there anything else in that safe.
Jay: Yacht Club grenades some mo.
Mo.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they're safe pretty big huh
Jay: Yeah, too big for safe big for safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have everything you need in there.
Jay: Yep bottles one
Jay: Bottle the food.
Okay.
And food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Also, our canned food.
Jay: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can always add stuff to it later.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's see. We were going into what else you notice we talked about temperature and then we went to all what you heard was fat music check in again.
Gwenevere Abriel: turn inward, not, not what you're bringing in from the video here, turn inward into that space. Remember this temperature of a perfect for you 69 degrees.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoes are on feeder in you kicking back on the couch and it's comfortable and you have those guns in the safe and there's water and canned food.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can hear the rap music
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you notice what smell is in the air, what your nose notices. It's a really strong and former our sense of scent so old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fresh linen. Okay. And then notice what taste is in your mouth.
Jay: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you get into this room.
Jay: I built I built it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there a door. Do you see a door.
Jay: To door one door to the leads outside in one that leads into the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah outside and one that leads into that house. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: House. Okay, can we look at the one that leads into the house, is it open. Is it closes have a lock. Tell me about it wasn't made up. What color is it
Jay: It's white and it stays open most of time because it leads into the house. Okay. That door stays locked did both.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the dorm native in the back door.
Jay: Pine
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the handle like
Jay: Grass.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. What color is like got any paint on it. It's just this pine, we have a color.
Jay: Scheme.
Gwenevere Abriel: What color saying light.
Gwenevere Abriel: Light or like a pretty much got
Jay: No will go dark. Mm hmm.
Stained dark
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: For the brass handle and it's a deadbolt lock is the deadbolt and it's on the inside. I'm assuming in your room. Right.
Yeah, okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go into that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: As much as you can be present with those senses really being present with
Gwenevere Abriel: That doors open, that leads into the house open. Most of the time, and this this temperature. That's just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can hear the rap music. Try to turn in, because I'm going to ask you a question. So really try to be present with the senses. I'm not staring at you. I've literally my eyes are closed and I'm picturing it with you. Okay.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can check on me by opening yours. I'll just keep mine closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yep smoke gray walls at these two windows at the beige blinds and
Gwenevere Abriel: Or at least the curtains or Beijing and see the blinds and they're on the west side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Light sorts. We've got these
Gwenevere Abriel: Lights in each corner of the room, they're pointing to the center.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can kind of feel comfortable kicking back on this couch, and I know that there's guns and ammo and water and can food in a safe behind the wet bar.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got my 96 inch plasma TV obviously surround sound the rap music because
Gwenevere Abriel: kickin
Gwenevere Abriel: And Jay, I'd like to know how you feel in this space.
Jay: Comfortable.
Comfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, my eyes are open. I'm going to take some notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comfortable and peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And pay attention to your body when you're in that comfortable couch kicking back listen to music. You notice your emotion is comfortable and at peace. Check in with the body, is there anything still charged in it. Anything still
Gwenevere Abriel: That is in distress anxious tight anything there.
Jay: Oh yeah, my back. Always hurts back hurts back and shoulders. My mic my hands of rheumatoid arthritis and fibromyalgia.
Jay: Pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present on that couch for a moment before I brought it up. Were you in pain.
Jay: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders. I want to get this just right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm back, shoulders, and you have rheumatoid arthritis. Tell me more. I might have missed a few things.
Jay: Oh, fibromyalgia. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in this room you're feeling that even with the peace, even with the comfort, you're aware of back, shoulders, the conditions.
Jay: Oh yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is where you really, we're going to get into some some more specifics, I want you to imagine that in in that smoke gray wall is a hidden compartment that only you know how to get to
Gwenevere Abriel: And you reach for
Gwenevere Abriel: A magic wand. It could be something else. But until you come up with something else will just use my imagery and just know that there's going to be magic in here you have access to it you know exactly where it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you use that magic.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that this body can feel comfortable and at peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would dispel be, how would it sound. And what would you do
Jay: Be gone
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And would you wave it around and like poof.
Jay: Yo, the whole nine yards.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where, where does all that physical pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go, what happens to it as if animated in front of us and some avatar kind of thing.
Jay: it dissipates.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slowly or fastly quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quickly disappears quickly it's gone.
Jay: Okay, sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like heroin.
Jay: Mo, what you were describing sounded like heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got I followed him.
Jay: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So check in, in that space again. Fill the temperature
Gwenevere Abriel: Till the comfort. Notice the deadbolt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the awareness that those protective measures of guns, etc. Are there with food and water, a wet bar and all the things you need
Gwenevere Abriel: And be gone.
Jay: Be will
Be no
Gwenevere Abriel: And it dissipates quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: In this space. Can you feel the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Half relief.
Jay: No, no, physically
Gwenevere Abriel: No relief.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are the emotions right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anyone that would know how to relieve some of the physical. In other words, someone or something that could bring relief. We won't be bringing any drugs in here but
Jay: My physical therapist. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how can we bring that physical therapist into this space. How would that happen.
Jay: I'd have to go to them. I would just buy a massage do it myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. Well, remember this is a perfect room. So you can have anybody
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so give yourself permission to imagine this physical therapist does a home visit
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, why not.
Jay: Got me
Jay: Massaging my bag. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so massage on the back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is there, where would that massage happen is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something in that room that's just right for that therapy.
Jay: On the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the couch that would work.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does it feel to have that back those muscles moved and massage
Jay: It feels better.
Jay: Yeah.
Jay: Her room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't it, it's, it's, we're still making some progress here. Um, so let's let's keep going. And just imagine that those muscles and loosening up
Gwenevere Abriel: And where does your mind wander muscles. Where does it wonder to
Jay: Consciousness. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, all asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, is there really
Yes.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's sit with that for a little bit, just aware that the emotion is comfort and peace. And is there any charge in the body. Now, anything left even even a little bit. We want to be
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. Okay, I'm
Out, I'm out. Yeah. Oh.
Jay: My good sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, wait. Stay here. Stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay in this fix go back in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're out emotion is comfort and peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And here comes my third question. This is the difficult so hang on be present with the temperature that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting this massage relaxing the muscles loosening them. And you are out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to rephrase the question about three or four times whatever your answer is that's what I want to hear. Okay, just wait till it comes to you. I'm going to be keep rephrasing in a few different times. Just be patient with it. I'd like to know at that age.
Gwenevere Abriel: At 13 you know this younger, Jay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What misinformation. He had to absorb in order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: He had to survive this lie that Jay. As an adult, of course knows was BS. But in order to survive this young man this boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: This 13 year old had to believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to survive. He had to, it was imperative.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what that misinformation was that this younger Jay had to absorb
Jay: So you mean like telling a lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to hold on. Go back and go back into your imagery. I'm going to do it again. I just failed, not you. I'm going to go in again. Okay, you just go into your
Gwenevere Abriel: You stay there, temperature, you can hear going. You can hear the rap music you hear the lyrics right can almost feel it, maybe even the vibration in the couch. The sound you're right there present with this is your man cave
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Are feeling peace and comfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: At this age of 13
Gwenevere Abriel: This younger self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jay, you had to believe something in order to survive. You now know it was bullshit. But at the time, in order to just survive in your environment. You had to believe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a lie. But you didn't know that back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had to absorb it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You believed it full till it's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, as an adult, you might say, well, add that's not the truth. That's not whole truth, dude. But I get it, man. You
Gwenevere Abriel: You had to take this on as the truth in order to survive in your environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did the best you could
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's misinformation. It's not the whole truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I get it, you had to absorb it as the truth to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm wondering what that misinformation was that he had to live by in order to survive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to censor what's some of the things coming up for you.
Jay: I don't know, I guess I'm not getting the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay with it. This is only my failure, not yours. So just stay with it. And let's see if, let's see if
Gwenevere Abriel: Adult J.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Because right now, we've got this younger version in this room, he's being taken care of. He's getting everything he needs. And in fact, he's a piece and he's comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: And this older version this version this adult that is now looks around this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: The black bar.
Gwenevere Abriel: The safe the couch music plasma TV the deadbolt. The two doors of all of it. And he looks at this young man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is trying to do this the answer this question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it possible that this adult version you, Jay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what this young man had to believe in order to survive. If you look at him from a distance, as if sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing him there out of it. What did he have to believe in order to just survive in his environment as a 13 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing that comes to mind.
Jay: I'm alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Jay: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it took it took the adult to see that this young boy couldn't see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay wasn't aware of it. But this adult can see it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this young grid Jay had to believe that, in order to survive. He had to reconcile himself to it, make decisions based on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this younger. Jay, and I know he's out of it right now he's
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm out.
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as I'm out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so it took this adult to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Can, can this younger self come to consciousness at all even waking and a little or no. Yeah. Okay. So I wonder what would happen if he started to wake up a little bit and here's this is another piece of it can younger version look adult j in the eye.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does Younger Jay believe adult Jay when he says
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, you had to believe that you were alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he believe the adult
Gwenevere Abriel: Can look them in the eye, but he doesn't believe them.
No.
Jay: I didn't believe nobody back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're all alone.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take this information and let's be quite respectful of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's be quite gentle
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's place this information very carefully into the container. Right. Remember this black and yellow cruise ship.
Jay: Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: This this thing and you can always challenge it back if something else comes up and you want to do something else with it. He can just tell me which what's coming up for you, but just now. I was thinking, I wonder what would happen if we take
Gwenevere Abriel: That on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It feels good to stretch. You can only stand up. We've always got to take care of yourself. Absolutely. Stretch it out.
Jay: My back is killing me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do what you need to do, Jay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can always stand up. I mean, because look what we got here. We can stand up. Sometimes I gotta do a little yoga stretch so
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to take that we're going to put it in. Do some visualization. I know you're looking at me. But, see if you can get it. Can you picture what part of that ship is yellow.
Jay: The whole
Jay: The whole book is yellow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where's the black
Jay: The Black is like the windows. The doors, the rails. The yeah the completions
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see that. And you get a sense soon as you touch it when it's made of iron.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel okay it's guarded by a bunch of guns.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want people to see it said
Jay: Yo, it's invisible. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you know where it is. You know how to get this piece that you just did today. And can you picture. Can you picture. What kind of container. It's on a container on the ship or it's just everywhere. It's just an office sales away, can you can you picture it
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting some distance from it.
Jay: It could see putting a
Jay: Reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it.
Putting it
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as you see it moving further and further away. You know, I get to the freezer on this invisible sort of ship. No one can see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see it further away like barely even. It's like a little dot
Jay: You can watch it disappear.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take some time here and and talk a little bit about what this experience was like for you remember no wrong way to do this. So what was this like for you. I'm imagining you haven't done this before. So what was the slight
Jay: Though I mean
Jay: It kind of makes you
Jay: It kind of made me see.
Jay: Some of the things, maybe I was dealing with back in the day that I didn't know
Jay: How to handle and deal with that. I do now.
Jay: I kind of wish I would have taken advice from
Jay: People that are trying to give it to me.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's a lot. You took a lot. You did that all by yourself, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got that you've got that analysis mind that mind that can pull me from different things that's really how it works very fast that mind of yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice anything about your body at different points.
Jay: Yeah, my back. I feel tension in the stuff that I didn't want to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: Not amazing
It's crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Jay: Stress
Jay: Stress picture, buddy. Oh my.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh. Does it ever
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're about. So what I didn't hear you say most people say this, they say this was the weirdest thing. This was so weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weird. Weird, right.
Middle
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't say that right you wherever there was a little piece at least what I could see if you couldn't come up with it. You sat with a little bit, and if there wasn't there. Let's say there was
Gwenevere Abriel: You know this without that we just went with it. Well, it's not there. Can you waited for the answer to come and you push back and said, I don't, I don't know if I'm doing, like, I don't know what you're asking. I don't understand the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I try it again. And I came out it again. And then I had to come at it even further right and that only part because you told the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see only way we're going to get there is every little
Gwenevere Abriel: Right along the way, where you go. Oh, wow. I can't come up with anything that's okay too. And I tell you no way to do this wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, fantastic. So we're about hmm
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it depends on where we go from here, but
Gwenevere Abriel: We're done with the three questions of in the past. Right.
Jay: We're done with those
Gwenevere Abriel: Through those. And there's one really big next step. I don't know how long. That'll take us but
Gwenevere Abriel: At this rate, it might just take one or two more discussions about it. So I think we're off to a great start with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing before happened. What did we have going on before I liked that. Oh, we were like meeting on lunch break or something because this is just, I gotta eat.
Jay: Well, now, now since everything's closed I sleep in, in the mornings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see, okay, well, we weren't meeting. I thought we were meeting it like a lunch hour for a while anyway.
Jay: Low seven we were at six.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, we're not. What we'll do that right now. Let's go over to. Let's see what I got up in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: How lady sleeping in.
Jay: The up by eight.
Jay: Nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do. Um, I do, actually. How is that possible those get gobbled up right away. Is that a thing. I think I know what I was doing.
She is it
Jay: Can you see what right there, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a W be
Gwenevere Abriel: Web
Jay: My mom, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: The backwoods. Oh, is that like her logo.
Jay: Yeah, that's your logo and then
Jay: I think she does it. A shot glass.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's good marketing.
Jay: I made one for my girlfriend and says her name in minutes is a co op ed 19
Jay: Put a crown royal crown on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys get to it. You can, you've got some sort of machine or something that can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing
Jay: embroider me we do cups, stuff like that.
Jay: Is quite headphone to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so glad
Gwenevere Abriel: I may say, Well,
Do doo doo doo thinking, thinking, thinking, I'm thinking, thinking, thinking,
Oh, what's that one thing. Second thing we do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe what if we did
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do 10 o'clock on April 10 so next Friday at 10am
Gwenevere Abriel: Next Friday at 10am
Jay: Sounds good. Okay, sweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your next service, of course, will be group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there, is there any bridge like are you out of medicine and I need to message, your doctor.
Jay: Will see he was listed. Give me the gap opinion and they still haven't
Jay: They still haven't called me.
Jay: Okay, so let me go over here. Sometimes I can be useful that way I can sell something. Let's see.
Jay: I think he needs to refill my medications tool. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're meeting now. So I'm going to message and then
Gwenevere Abriel: He can whatever he kind of analyzes that I just say a client showed up for a service. Let me just send something to to Dr. Solomon. Okay.
Jay: We've
Gwenevere Abriel: Got Jay
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I've got a whole name because not everybody remembers the whole deal here. So Justin.
Okay, so let's say
I'm attended attended
Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. His next age. Age service will be
Gwenevere Abriel: For six and you're going to go at nine o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: He never received received that word I before E, except after C never received Gabba Penton. Is that right,
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will need an order of the you
Gwenevere Abriel: To get him to let's see what he does it, that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there any other medicine support medicine where you try using just the Gabba pen and the buprenorphine.
Jay: On the told me to credit Kalani being with the or the is a quantity
Gwenevere Abriel: Quantity. Yeah.
Jay: With the gap repent and to see if that would help me sleep better at night.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, um, I did you pick that up. Do you have any of the quantity
Jay: Yes, I still have quantity
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're good there. So,
Jay: I only think of them as needed. So, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I never received the Gabba pension and all need an order or buprenorphine you get me into my majors. I basically get the message.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm gonna hit send, and off it goes.
Jay: Right. Thank you. You're welcome. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: As you already know, although I hit send. There's Dr pharmacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether there's a supply, you know, I mean, it's like there's so many moving parts to
Jay: That
Gwenevere Abriel: So if anything goes sideways.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is basically where my part ends just reach out to brave heart health and say, Hey, I'm on my mom. I'm just checking to see something happened here. Can you reach out to my doctor or maybe it's the pharmacy or something like that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you worked very hard today nicely.
Done.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you on Monday.
Jay: Bye bye.